I’m thrilled to back in the great city of Charlotte, where, by the way, we’re having our convention. I guess you heard that, right? With thousands of hardworking American patriots who love our country, cherish our values, respect our laws and always put America first. Eight months from now, we’re going to defeat the radical socialists. We’re going to win the great state of North Carolina in a landslide. We won it last time, we’re going to win it this time by even more. And you know, Eric and Lara named their daughter, you know what her name is? Carolina, Carolina. Her name is Carolina for a reason.

This is an incredible time for our nation. Our country is stronger than ever before. And today, we just had the largest one day increase in the stock market in history. That’s great. That’s great. That was great. You know, our opponents were saying, ” Oh, maybe he’s in trouble, maybe the economy … ” They’ll do anything. They’ll do anything. I’m sure they were thrilled. Do you think our opponents were thrilled when they saw the stock market today? I don’t think so.

By the way, look at this. Look back there, look at all of that press. Look at all them. Man, I don’t know if Sleepy Joe, or Bernie, I don’t think they have that much press. Bernie was going wild. Why would I be here tonight? Why would I be here? He said why would I be here tonight? We don’t have the primary, we’ve already won the thing, you know? I was going to say the you know what thing, I held it back, because they’ll say, “Horrible language. He used horrible language today.” But we’re doing fantastically.

There’s never been a time where the Republican Party was so unified as it is now. Never, never. And you hear about enthusiasm for crazy Bernie, and that’s true, he does have some enthusiasm, but much less than we have and a much smaller group of people, too. And there’s not a lot of enthusiasm for Biden. I thought he gave up the presidency the other day because he said he’s running for the Senate. I looked at the First Lady, I said, ” Hey, he’s running for the Senate.” And today he just said Super Thursday, he’s looking forward to Super Thursday.

Jobs are booming in our country, incomes are soaring, poverty has plummeted, confidence is surging, and we have completely rebuilt the awesome power of a thing called the United States military. Every day, for me and for you, it’s promises made, promises kept. One of the most important promises I made is right to this era. You know, we look at it, it’s the never ending wars in the Middle East. We’re taking our soldiers, we’re bringing them back home. We’re not law enforcement. We’re bringing them back home. American troops cannot be the policemen for the world, or to create democracy in other nations that frankly probably don’t want it. The job of the American military is to secure and defend our country.

Two days ago, the Unites States signed a deal with the Taliban so that after 19 years of conflict, and very close to 20, we can finally begin to bring our amazing troops back home. After years of rebuilding foreign nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation and taking care of our own American citizens

And all of the things that we’ve done, we’ve wiped out the terrorists, we’ve done so much, and you know what? We’re 8,000 miles away. You got a lot of big countries surrounding Afghanistan, you’ve got Afghanistan itself. The progress that was made, was made possible by the extraordinary valor of our men and our women in uniform. You know that. We pay a special tribute, and I know you pay it, a special tribute to our great wounded warriors and those who made the ultimate sacrifice.

As we bring back our troops, we are committed to ensuring that foreign terrorists are denied admission to America in the first place. They’re not coming here, and if they do, bad things happen to them. We must keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country.

By the way, I have to say this, you know you have thousands and thousands of people outside. Somebody was saying that if Pocahontas, any one of them, Sleepy Joe, he doesn’t have that, so he doesn’t have a lot, he has very small crowds, but if Sleepy Joe or if any of them had a crowd one-tenth this size, they go around talking about how big the crowd. They never say that. Hey, take your cameras and spin them around this big arena. Right now. Spin them around.

They don’t turn, they don’t turn. You notice, they don’t turn. But if there were some kind of trouble in a little corner, anything to make us look bad, that camera would turn like a pretzel. I used to think, you know, modern equipment it can’t turn, but when we would have a protestor, and I must say, I’ll say it out loud, we don’t have too many protesters anymore, do we? [inaudible 00:10:48]. No fun to be a protestor at a Trump rally, but do we have a great time at a Trump rally?

My administration has also taken the most aggressive action in modern history to protect Americans from the Coronavirus. You know about this whole thing? Horrible. Including, sweeping travel restrictions. Today, we met with the big great pharmaceutical companies, and they’re really working hard, and they’re working smart, and we had a great meeting today with a lot of the great companies. They’re going to have vaccines I think relatively soon. And they’re going to have something that makes you better, and that’s going to actually take place we think even sooner.

So a lot of good things are happening, but we have strong borders, and really, our tough and early actions have really been proven to be 100% right. We went out, we’re doing everything in our power to keep the sick and infected people from coming into our country. We’re working on that very hard. We closed our borders very early. I took a lot of heat for that. Remember when I closed the borders to certain areas of the world? I took a lot of heat. But there are fringe globalists who would rather keep our borders open than keep our infection, think of it, keep all of the infection, let it come in. And we’re working with other countries. In all fairness, look, it’s a problem, we’re working with other countries. Remember this, over the last long period of time, the flu, the common flu, you know this, right? From 27,000 to 70,000 people get infected, and many people die. Think of it, 27,000. You lose 27,000 people to the common flu. It can be much more. One year was much higher than the 70,000 number. Those people died. So when you lose 27,000 people a year, nobody knew that. I didn’t know that. Three, four weeks ago, I was sitting there, I said, “What do we lose with the regular flu?” They said, “About 27,000 minimum, goes up to 70, sometimes even 80, one year it went up to 100,000 people.” I said, “Nobody told me that. Nobody knows that.”

So I actually told the pharmaceutical companies, “You have to do a little bit better job on that vaccine. Really, have to do a better job on that vaccine.” [inaudible 00:13:28]. Last year was approximately 36,000 people died. So we’re working hard on it, and we’re going to come up with some really great solutions. In the meantime, we’re stopping … Only in North Carolina. Only in North Carolina. It can only be. How many people here are from South Carolina, by the way? All right, we love both places. But that was from North Carolina.

But just to finish up, so we’ve made a lot of progress, we’ve really done a great job with it. We’re keeping our borders strong. My job is to protect the health of American patients and Americans first, and that’s what I’ll do. Washington Democrats are trying to politicize the coronavirus, denigrating the noble work of our public health professionals. But honestly, not so much anymore. Everyone appreciates, these are the greatest professionals in the world at what they do. We’re actually helping a lot of other countries where they have some very, very big problems. So we have our professionals in constant touch, I’m in constant touch with some of the leaders and helping them out. But the political attacks from some of the Democrats really must stop. We’ve got to all work together on this one to safeguard our people. We’re going to safeguard our people, the United States.

The United States is, right now, ranked by far number one in the world for preparedness. Earlier today, when I met with the pharmaceutical companies, things were discussed and learned honestly. The media didn’t know. Nobody knew. They’ve never heard this before. And we learned a lot, and maybe that had the impact on the stock market. Who knows what happened, but we’re going to reduce and the severity of what’s happening, the duration of the virus. We discussed all of these things. We will bring these therapies to market as rapidly as possible.

And I have to say, with a thriving economy the way it is, and the most advanced health system on earth, America is so resilient, we know what we’re doing, we have the greatest people on earth, the greatest health system on earth. We have the greatest health system on earth. The renewal of American strength over the last three years means at times of challenge, we are the best prepared to rise to any occasion. No country is better equipped than America to handle new threats, and no people are more skilled, talented, tough, or driven than Americans.

And together, we are in the midst of the great American comeback. That’s what it is. Last month, we added 225,000 new jobs in January alone. That makes seven million jobs since the election. We have destroyed the ISIS territorial caliphate, and we killed the founder and leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi. He is dead. And we took out the world’s top terrorist, Qasem Soleimani, ending his evil reign on terror forever, Soleimani.

While the extreme left has been wasting time with vile hoaxes and delusional witch hunts, we have been killing terrorists, creating jobs, raising wages, and lifting up American citizens of every race, religion, color, and creed.

Tomorrow, voters in states across the nation will head to the polls for Super Tuesday, not Super Thursday. No, he said, “Super Thursday.” You can’t do these things. Can you imagine if I said Super Thursday? It would be over, right? I would be over. No matter how good you are at certain things, you can’t, as an example, a name like Sleepy Joe, he’s constantly naming the wrong state. “It’s great to be in the state of Ohio.” No, no, no, I’m sorry, you’re in North Carolina. No, no. Joe! Do you ever see them run up with a sign, “No, no, North Carolina, Joe!” Once that happens, you might as well leave the states, because it’s a disaster no matter how good you’re doing. We’re in North Carolina! It’s great to be in Idaho! No, you’re in Iowa. Nah, he makes a lot of those mistakes, they’re a little scary.

Did you see [inaudible 00:18:54]? We’re going to protect your second amendment, you understand that. But did you see, Sleepy Joe, did you see Sleepy Joe, where he said, “Last year, 150 million people were killed by guns in our country.” 150 million! That means 50% of our country. That’s a big story. 150. Can you imagine Trump saying that? These people would never let me live it down. We can’t make even a little mistake. We can’t make even a little, tiny, tiny mistake. If we make a tiny mistake, it’s headlining. They say things like 150 million people killed, guns, they say Super Thursday, they say Georgia, he’s looking forward to winning Georgia tomorrow. Georgia’s not in Super Tuesday!

So many mistakes! You can’t do that when you’re negotiating with China. Can’t do that when you’re negotiating with these countries, can you? Those mistakes would be very tremendous.

Then you have Mini Mike. You see this guy? Can you believe it? Mini Mike. He’s being interviewed tonight on Fox. Can you believe it? Fox. They want to be politically correct. They want to interview, they end up interviewing more Democrats than Republic … I don’t know what’s going on with Fox. But they’re interviewing this guy the night before … Mini Mike, ay, ay, ay, what a mess he is. The worst debate performance in the history of presidential debate history. The worst in history.

Nah, I got to have more. I’d get down real low, but I don’t want to copy him. Everybody saw it. Everyone said, “Oh,” they all say, “Oh! Do that again where you get down low.” But if I do that again, it’s a copy. It’s a copy! No, no. No. You never like to copy, even though you’re copying yourself. You don’t like to copy. You do it once. It was a big hit. But you do it once, and you sort of say, “That was nice, don’t do it again,” because if it doesn’t work the second time, it gets embarrassing, right? Right? We all know. But no, he’s a disaster waiting to happen. He’s a mess.

No matter which Democrat candidate you’re talking about, and you understand that, any one of these candidates … And you see what’s happening, right? It’s being rigged against … It’s sad. It’s being rigged against Crazy Bernie. Crazy Bernie is going to go crazy. Crazy. I think Crazy Bernie is going to be more crazy when they see what they’re doing. I called it a long time ago. Mayor Pete Buttigieg, Buttigieg, May Pete, he quit. Out last night. Then I hear a Senator from a state we’re going to win, we’re going to win that state, but she dropped out. Sounds like they made a deal. They both supported Sleepy Joe. You know why? They made a deal. You know why? Quid pro quo, that’s why. Don’t care. Quid pro quo. Quid pro quo, they made a deal. Impeach them! They should be impeached! They should be impeached! Quid pro quo.

But they’ve embraced an extreme left wing agenda. Their plans would massively raise your taxes, destroy our liberty, muzzle our faith, and erase our sovereignty. You know that. The Democrat Party has gone crazy. Whether it’s Bernie Sanders plan to eliminate private healthcare, Elizabeth Pocahontas’s plan … By the way, she’s history. She’s history. I came up with that name far too early, I should’ve just waited. But it didn’t matter. I thought she was making a come back. I said, “Wow, I just did it to her.”

But you know those embers were burning a little bit a couple of months ago? They never caught on. In fact, she’ll probably lose the State of Massachusetts to Bernie. So she doesn’t know what to do because you’re not supposed to lose the State of Massachusetts if you get in there. She’s the Senator. She’s the Senator for Massachusetts, I think she’s going to lose it to Bernie. And Miss Michigan, you see what’s going on over there? Michigan, we’re leading. We’re leading in Wisconsin. We’re leading in Florida. We’re leading-

Wisconsin, we’re leading in Florida, we’re leading in South Carolina, we’re leading in North Carolina. We’re leading in New Hampshire. We’re leading in the great state of Florida that was one of the first ones [inaudible 00:24:19] in the last election. Hey, how great was the 2016 election? One of the greatest nights, one of the most highest rated television nights in the history of television. And remember, there was oh, this is going to be a quick one. This is going to be… oh, that wasn’t so easy for them. I love the scene. The scene of that convention center where Hillary was getting ready to speak, and then she found out she lost. But Elizabeth Warren’s here to plan to eliminate our borders, or Mini Mike’s plan to eliminate your second amendment. Mike Bloomberg wants to eliminate your second amendment. Don’t worry about it, it’s not going to happen. Not going to happen for him. For sleepy Joe, he doesn’t even know where he is, what he’s doing, or what office he’s running for. Actually, I honestly don’t think he knows what office he’s running for. And it doesn’t matter.

Maybe he gets in, because he’s a little more moderate. So maybe he gets in. But he’s not going to be running it. Other people are going to. They’re going to put him into a home, and other people are going to be running the country. But they’re going to be super left radical crazies. They’re going to be super left radical crazies, Joe’s going to be in a home. He’ll be watching television. Everything will be just fine. The insanity of Washington Democrats is why millions of registered Democrat voters are joining our movement. They are joining our great Republican party.

Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years.

We have the enthusiasm in our party. No, I really mean it. I constantly hear about the enthusiasm. They’re fighting each other, they hate each other, they don’t know what’s going on. We have all the love, we have all the enthusiasm, and we know what we’re doing. We know what we’re doing. So we’re thrilled to be joined tonight by many really great, terrific, brilliant, wonderful warriors. Even though he comes from a slightly different state, but not to far by, is somebody that really has distinguished himself, he’s become a great friend of mine. What he did for Justice Kavanaugh, do you remember that? One of the greatest statements ever made in the United State’s Senate, Senator Lindsey Graham. Come on up, Lindsey. Lindsey Graham, come on up, Lindsey. Come here, Lindsey. I got to have him say something, come here, Lindsey.

Great guy, great gentleman. Now some warriors that really defended us with the impeachment hoax, one of great hoaxes in the history of country, Representative Virginia Foxx, Patrick McHenry, Richard Hudson, Mark Meadows, David Rouzer, Ted Budd. They’re warriors, these guys are unbelievable the way they fight. The last straw, I’ll tell you, I came here and then it probably weren’t scheduled to win, and fake news, CNN and [inaudible 00:30:01] they were all set. They [inaudible 00:30:03]. They handle pressure so well. They came and we gave a rally that was like this and Dan Bishop and Gregg Murphy won by so much, it wasn’t even close. They’re great people, and they’ve done a fantastic job. Thank you very much. They handle pressure. They were under a lot of pressure, they handled it well. It’s nice to know people can handle pressure, there aren’t too many of them. North Carolina Republican party chairman Michael Whatley. Thank you, Michael.

I have a few great friends of mine and they love North Carolina. Louis DeJoy, who you know, Louis DeJoy. Two great people, diamond and silk. Right? Diamond and silk. We love them.

You know the first lady, a long time ago now, right? How long is that? Probably almost almost five years ago, she said, “There are these two women on the internet, they’re unbelievable. They’re unbelievable.” I said, “Oh, I know, I hear that all the time. I hear it all the time.” She said, the next day she came again. She said, “I saw them again, they’re unbelievable.” I said, “Let me see.” I saw them, I fell in love with it, and everybody fell in love with Diamond and Silk. So thank you.

Some people that have really been helpful to me, Corey Lewandowski, David Bussey, and Pam Bondi, right here. Thanks also to all of the people who are working to make the 2020 Republican National Convention right here in Charlotte an outstanding success, RNC chairman Ronna McDaniel, RNC co chairman Tommy Hicks, and Convention president Marcia Lee Kelly, thank you all. You’re doing a great job, I’ll tell you they’re looking, they’re going to spend a lot of money and doing a good job. Should we doing a great job, but just an okay job? It doesn’t matter as long as you win. You know what I gave when we won last time, somebody else took them to convention center, spent a fortune and I just took a hotel ballroom. I said, “What the heck, if I win, nobody cares, if I don’t.” Look if you win, nobody cares what room you’re in. If you lose, nobody cares what room you’re in. So we took a ballroom, nice ballroom, that’s it, no big deal. I think it this way, if we win, nobody cares. And if we lose, I’m out of there, I save a hell of a lot of money.

But I never thought we were going to lose. That’s on of the things they like to spread, “Trump felt that he wasn’t going to win.” Oh yeah, I’m running because I [inaudible 00:10:30], that’s not the deal. I mean it’s always possible that you don’t win, but boy I thought we were going to win and we were getting crowds like this actually, to be honest, I think our crowds now are bigger, stronger, and even more enthusiastic. I really think they’re more enthusiastic than ever before. And then there’s two set we’re eight months away, that’s a long, it’s not even our, in case you haven’t heard, we’ve got it made in the primers. For us, we’re not even really political season and we’re getting crowds like this, we were all over the last couple of weeks. We like to troll. We like to go the night before one of their primers. We do a little trolling, it’s called we do a little trolling. Bernie Sanders was very upset, “Why would he be there?” Why? Because I want to win, I want to keep everybody happy. That’s such a good reason. Honestly, when you’re two months or three months out, we’re getting numbers that are unbelievable. Colorado went, we went to Iowa, every place we’ve gone, New Hampshire. Every place we’ve gone, just came out of South Carolina, you saw that. That was an incredible [inaudible 00:35:57]. Every place that we’ve gone, it’s been amazing. I’d also like to recognize, so important, a woman who’s really helped us win North Carolina in 2016, I have a feeling this year, she’ll even do better, because she happened to grow up here, Lara Trump and my son Eric Trump. Two great people. I mean I have to say that about my son, but I know a lot of people don’t like their sons that much, but Lara has been fantastic, and thank you very much, what a job. She knows this state better than anybody in this room except maybe this guy right here. How are we doing, Lara? How are we doing? How are we doing in the state, are we doing good?

And we’re doing well in Pennsylvania I hear, and South Carolina, I know we’re doing great there. Also with us tonight, is a man who’s really become a good friend of mine. We were going at it a little bit at the beginning, but I will tell you, and I would say if I didn’t get along, I would not be here. I wouldn’t do this. I think he’s been tremendous. He’s been a tremendous supporter and things that we’ve wanted to do, and fights that we’ve had which were so important, he’s been right up, and Lizzie will tell you that he’s been right up in front and really he deserves another six year term. Probably a lot longer than that, but he’s going to come up and I’m going to ask Senator Thom Tillis, come on up. Thom has really been incredible, he’s been working everyday. And he really wants to fight to the radical left and he does it and he knows how to fight, and take care of our amazing veterans, and stop illegal immigration. Thom is the champion for the people of North Carolina. This November, we need everybody to go and vote for Thom, he’s doing great. He’s doing great. I hear he’s way up in the polls, he’s way up in the polls. Thom, say a few words.

Wow. Hey that’s pretty good, that’s pretty good, Thom. Lot of times we get people up and they just can’t do it. They start breathing bad, they can’t breathe, “Oh help me,” like Bloomberg. Did you see the debate? Huh? She came after him. She’s mean, she’s very mean. She came after him and he started chocking [inaudible 00:41:10] “Get me off this stage. Get me off. You guys didn’t tell me this was going to happen.” No, that was great Thom. We’re also honored to be joined tonight by a true American hero, a veteran of World War II and the Korean War who just turned 100 years old. His name is George Washington Perry, legit. George, thank you very much for being here. Thank you, George. 100 years. He’s 100 and he looks good. Thank you, George. With the help of everyone here tonight, America has now become the hottest economy anywhere on the planet earth. Since my election over 219,000 new jobs have been created right here in North Carolina.

We have lifted 10,000,000 people off of welfare, including 7,000,000 people off of food stamps. Median household income has reached the highest level ever recorded, think of that. The average unemployment rate from my administration is the lowest for any US president in recorded history, that’s happening, that’s happening. The unemployment rate among African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and Asian Americans has reached the lowest level in recorded history. Very important to me, African American youth unemployment has reached an all time low. African American poverty is that the lowest rate ever recorded. For decades democratic politicians betrayed, and they truly did, they betrayed African Americans. My administration is delivering for African Americans like never before. No president has done more for our black community, no president has done more for our black community, and it’s an honor to do it. Last month here in Charlotte, we launched a nationwide campaign to create a better future for all Americans. It’s called Opportunity Now, you know about it. We’re also fighting to ensure that working families have access to paid family leave, reducing the cost of childcare and giving 40,000,000 american families an average of $2,200 thanks to the Republican child tax credit. The Republicans are claiming that we did that nobody else did, but the Democrats are saying, “How did they do that one?”

We’re reversing decades of calamitous trade policies and decimated manufacturing in North Carolina, you know all about. It’s probably the number one reason running, and the deals we’re making, the trade deals, are unbelievable. Your state lost 43% of all manufacturing jobs after NAFTA was signed, think of that. Weeks ago, we finally ended the NAFTA catastrophe and I signed the brand new US [inaudible 00:20:57]. The USMCA is a giant for North Carolina’s incredible farmers and factory workers. And by the way, speaking of farms, factory workers, and small businesses, are all for the death tax. You know about the death tax, right? It’s called the inheritance tax. You have a small farm some place, you have a small business, you have a nice business, you no longer have an inheritance tax or a death tax. So if you want to leave it to your children, you can leave it to your children, there’s no tax to be paid by your children. So they don’t have to go back to the evil banker, borrow money from the banker, lose the farm, lose the business, it won’t happen. And I always say, I know a lot of parents that don’t love the children very much.

Is there anybody in this room that does not love your children? Please raise your hand. Please raise your hand. Nobody. Nobody, that’s because we’re North Carolina, you love your children. But if you don’t, then it doesn’t matter because if you don’t love your children, don’t leave them a damn thing, but you don’t have the inheritance tax anymore, which is great. A lot of people don’t even know that, but that’s a big deal or no issue have Washington Democrats more thoroughly betraying the American people than on the issue of immigration.

Every Democrat running for president supports free federal welfare for illegal aliens, on your tax. Not only does illegal immigration drain our treasury, but it is threatens innocent lives as just one heartbreaking example, two illegal aliens in Maryland who had been previously charged with attempted murder were released, unaccountably released, and they went on to further a teenage girl beating her with a baseball bat and slashing her with a machete. The entire democratic field supports [inaudible 00:47:15] sanctuary cities, which release dangerous criminals to terrorize your communities. Right here in North Carolina, believe it or not, the sanctuary county of Durham released an illegal alien criminal, who then receded to viciously murdered a young 19 year old woman last year, you know all about it. Killing her and dumping her body into the woods. Last year alone, sanctuary jurisdictions in North Carolina, how did that happen to North Carolina? Deliberately set free hundreds and hundreds of, and these are really dangerous criminal aliens, including those charged or convicted of burglary, gun crime, sexual assault, kidnapping, and even murder


Got to change it. Your Democrat Governor, Roy Cooper, vetoed a bill that would save North Carolina lives and ban sanctuary cities [inaudible 00:48:18]. What is he thinking? But while your super Liberal Governor is putting your families at risk, your Republican Senator Thom Tillis has introduced a bill allowing American victims to sue sanctuary cities for the horrible pain and [inaudible 00:49:06] suffering they inflict on our people. We’re building the wall. We’re building the wall. We’re building the wall. We’re building the wall. Mexico’s paying for the wall, by the way. We built 127 miles as of today, 127.

Mexico is paying for the wall. The media is going to be thrilled when I explain that Mexico is paying for the wall because you know, now finally they said I’ve had obstruction like you wouldn’t believe. The entire democratic party. I could get anything. I created Space Force. I could do anything. I could get. Lindsey and Thom Tillis knows. Mark knows this. All of them knows this. If I wanted 25 cents for the wall, they didn’t want to get it. They didn’t want to do it, but now we got it, and you think that’s easy? Nobody else could have done this. We’re building it. We’re building our hearts away. We’ll soon be building many, many miles a week, but we’re up to over 125, I guess 127, 28 by now, of the super duper wall, super duper.

I went to Border Patrol, I said, ” What is your wish?” “Well, sir, we’d like it to be steel and concrete.” They want it exactly what they have it, and the barriers up top, they want everything. It’s called a no climb provisor, no climb provisor. I said, “What does the word provisor mean?” They didn’t know. All it means is you’re not able to climb over it. It is very tough. I don’t know if you saw. In a part of the wall, a couple of weeks ago, they were climbing the wall, and the fire department had to come and take them down. That’s what the no climb is. That’s what the no climb is. It’s a no climb. It’s more money. It’s a little more expensive. Thank you. Who is that? What a voice. Pavarotti.

So, we’re building the wall. It’s going great. So, they said, “All right. He’s building the wall, but Mexico’s not paying for it.” Yes, they are. You’ll see. You’ll see. You understand. Some of you understand because I told a few people last week, it got linked to the fake news media. If you want to end sanctuary cities in North Carolina and across America, then you have only one choice. You must vote Republican. You have to. You have to.

Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, we reduced illegal border crossings by a staggering 75% since last [inaudible 00:03:29]. We’ve added catch and release, one of the worst loopholes you’ve ever seen, catch and release. You catch them. You then say, “Where do you live?” They don’t know because look, let’s face it, they don’t know. I understand that. It’s not even to be laughed at. They don’t know. “Where do you live?” I don’t know. Mexico, maybe, Honduras, Guatemala, who knows? El Salvador. “Where do you live?” Like this guy, he’s a Mexican. You’re about as Mexican as I am. Look at this guy. He’s as Mexican as I am. Look at that hat. Are you Mexican? Are you Mexican? No, you’re not. Are you? He is.

It’s like Elizabeth Warren. She said she was an Indian. I said, “I have more Indian blood in me than you have, and I have none. She said, “Oh, this is terrible.” So she went out and got a test and it turned out not so good for her. Right? 1024th, right? One thousandths, so I was right. I probably have more in me. What a phony she is. What a phony.

Washington Democrats have never been more extreme. 132 Congressional Democrats have signed up for Bernie Sanders’ healthcare takeover. While the Washington Democrats are trying to destroy your healthcare and your social security, and they are going to destroy your social security. Remember they used to say with me, “I’m going to end it the first day.” Well, you know what, we’re going to soon be four years and all I’ve done is make it stronger. You know that. My administration is protecting your social security, your Medicare, and is fighting to give you great healthcare. You’re going to have great health. We are defending your right to keep the doctor and to keep the plan of your choice.

Remember President Obama? You can keep your doctor. You can keep your plan. 28 times. They said, “Impeach him. You should impeach him.” 28 times he lied. 28 times on record, “You can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan.” Well, that’s not true. It wasn’t. Impeach him. We’re making healthcare better and much cheaper while premiums more than doubled in the last five years before I took office. We are now offering plans that are up to 60% less expensive and they’re better plans. We are protecting people with preexisting conditions and we always will, and we are trying terminate, in the Supreme Court of the United States, the worst healthcare in the world, and we are going to give you the best healthcare you’ve ever seen at a low price and again, protecting preexisting conditions. Protecting preexisting conditions.

We’re fighting to stop surprise medical billing. You know what that is? Surprise. You get all sorts of surprises. We have people that take a blood test in one place, it’s $26, and in another place it’s $2000. Same blood test, maybe the cheap one is better, who knows? Same blood test. It’s wrong. Surprise medical building. Bombed. Out. Billing.

I signed an executive order opposing price transparency that’s going to be bigger than healthcare, because when providers are required to show their prices, those same prices fall very, very fast. Right? It’s a big thing. It’s a big thing. We’ve approved a record number of affordable new generic drugs, which are just as good as name brand drugs, but a fraction of the cost. We have given them, and there’s a lot of political pressure not to do that, you can understand why.

To care for our amazing veterans, we passed VA Choice and VA Accountability, and nobody said it could be done. So now, instead of waiting in line for days and days, and weeks and weeks to see a doctor, you go outside, you get a doctor, we pay the bill, you get all fixed up. What a great thing. It’s called VA Choice. I got it done. They’ve been trying to pass it for almost 50 years and they haven’t been able to. Those people over there were a great help. We have passed the spectacular Right to Try. You know what that is? Hopefully nobody in the room needs. Hopefully nobody in the room needs Right to Try. We are combating the opioid epidemic. Drug overdose deaths have declined for the first time in nearly 31 years. We’ve launched new initiatives combating kidney disease and Alzheimer’s, and we’re pursuing new advances in neonatal research to care for America’s youngest patients, and breaking all records in so doing. Virtually every Democratic candidate has declared their unlimited support for extreme late term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother’s womb, right up until the very moment of birth. How about that? That is why I’ve asked Congress to prohibit late term abortion of babies, because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift of God.

Then you have the Governor of Virginia. The baby is born. The baby is born and he says, “And then you go over and start talking to the mother as to whether or not you execute the baby.” This is the Governor of Virginia. The Governor of Virginia. He’s a beauty. You remember what he did? He wanted to dance like Michael Jackson and his wife stopped him. He got lucky. But the Governor of Virginia wanted to do that. The baby is born and then he goes over and talks to the mother. The doctor will now talk, and you’ll make a decision as to whether or not the baby lives. Did you ever hear of anything like this?

The Democratic party is the party of high taxes, high crime, unlimited regulations, open borders, late term abortion, socialism, blatant corruption, and the total obliteration of your second amendment. The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, and the late great Abraham Lincoln. So many people came up to me tonight and they want me to fight, and we’re doing it for school choice, so that every child who needs it, gets it. No parent should ever be forced to send their child to a failing government school.

I passed criminal justice reform to give former prisoners a second chance at life. Alice Johnson, do we love Alice Johnson? This could not have been done by anyone other than the Republican party.

I recognized Israel’s true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. We recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Our historic investments in the United States military include $200 million to a place that nobody’s heard of in this audience, I’m sure, Fort Bragg. $300 million for Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point. More than $500 million for Marine Corps Air Station New River.

Listen to this one. No Democrat’s going to this. They don’t even want to spend money on the military. They don’t like the military. They’re not going to spend money. $1.2 billion for Camp Lejeune. $1.2 billion. Do you think that a guy like sleepy Joe’s going to put, he doesn’t know what it means. I know what I means. We have to have a strong military. We have the strongest military we’ve ever had. When I came in, our military was in sad shape. It was depleted, but we’ve rebuilt it, $2.5 trillion dollars went into our military.

For years you’ve watched as your politicians apologized for America. Now you have a President who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the people of North Carolina and always will. [inaudible 01:01:01] is the actual survival of an our nation itself. If you want your children to inherit the blessings of generations of Americans who fought and died to secure, and you know what they’re securing, they are securing us, they’re securing our freedom, then we must devote everything we have toward victory in November, November 3rd to be exact.

Only this way can we save the America we love, and drain the Washington swamp, which is by the way, much more vicious, much dirtier, much deeper than I ever thought, but we are kicking ass. With your help, we will lift billions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity. Together we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane and lawful system of immigration, and we will continue with the great Thom Tillis. We will get Thom Tillis. Thom, I don’t think anybody even wants to run against you, Thom, but we’re going to reelect Thom Tillis. Is that right? We’re going to reelect Thom Tillis. If we don’t, I’m going to be so angry at you. I’ll only come back here a few times a year.

No, Thom is going to be great. Thom, I think you’re in great shape. I think you’re in great shape. One more hand for Thom Tillis, please. We don’t even know who’s running against him. Nobody wants the run.

We will continue to enact new trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with that beautiful, beautiful, beautiful phrase Made in the USA, right? Made in the USA. We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic in less than nine years. We’ve already started. Who would have thought? We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty and the right to keep and bear arms.

Your second amendment rights are under siege. Believe me, they’re under siege. We don’t get in, you can forget your second amendment. That’s what I think. I really believe it. Above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that binds us together as one beautiful America. We support, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement. We believe in the dignity of work, and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. We live by the words of our national motto, In God We Trust.

From Fayetteville to Wilmington, from Raleigh to Greensboro, from Asheville to Kitty Hawk, to right here in Charlotte, this state is the home to some of the toughest men and strongest women, and most incredible patriots ever to walk the face of the Earth. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the ocean, blazed the trail, sailed the continent, tamed the wilderness, dug out the Panama Canal, laid down the railroads, revolutionized industry, won two world wars, defeated fascism, and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world, and we are making it greater every single day.

Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people, that’s what’s happening. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before, and ladies and gentlemen of North Carolina, the best is yet to come. Because together, we have made America wealthy again. We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again, and we have made America great again.

Three years ago, we launched the great American comeback. Tonight, I stand before you to share the incredible results. Jobs are booming, incomes are soaring, poverty is plummeting, crime is falling, confidence is surging, and our country is thriving and highly respected again! America’s enemies are on the run, America’s fortunes are on the rise, and America’s future is blazing bright.

The years of economic decay are over. The days of our country being used, taken advantage of, and even scorned by other nations are long behind us. Gone too are the broken promises, jobless recoveries, tired platitudes, and constant excuses for the depletion of American wealth, power, and prestige.

In just 3 short years, we have shattered the mentality of American decline, and we have rejected the downsizing of America’s destiny. We are moving forward at a pace that was unimaginable just a short time ago, and we are never going back!

I am thrilled to report to you tonight that our economy is the best it has ever been. Our military is completely rebuilt, with its power being unmatched anywhere in the world — and it is not even close. Our borders are secure. Our families are flourishing. Our values are renewed. Our pride is restored. And for all these reasons, I say to the people of our great country, and to the Members of Congress before me: The State of our Union is stronger than ever before!


The vision I will lay out this evening demonstrates how we are building the world’s most prosperous and inclusive society — one where every citizen can join in America’s unparalleled success, and where every community can take part in America’s extraordinary rise.

From the instant I took office, I moved rapidly to revive the United States economy — slashing a record number of job-killing regulations, enacting historic and record-setting tax cuts, and fighting for fair and reciprocal trade agreements. Our agenda is relentlessly pro-worker, pro-family, pro-growth, and, most of all, pro-American. We are advancing with unbridled optimism and lifting high our citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed.

Since my election, we have created 7 million new jobs — 5 million more than Government experts projected during the previous administration.

The unemployment rate is the lowest in over half a century.

And very incredibly, the average unemployment rate under my Administration is lower than any administration in the history of our country. If we had not reversed the failed economic policies of the previous administration, the world would not now be witness to America’s great economic success.

The unemployment rates for African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans, and Asian-Americans have reached the lowest levels in history. African-American youth unemployment has reached an all-time low.

African-American poverty has declined to the lowest rate ever recorded.

The unemployment rate for women reached the lowest level in almost 70 years — and last year, women filled 72 percent of all new jobs added.

The veterans’ unemployment rate dropped to a record low.

The unemployment rate for disabled Americans has reached an all-time low.

Workers without a high school diploma have achieved the lowest unemployment rate recorded in United States history.

A record number of young Americans are now employed.

Under the last administration, more than 10 million people were added to the food stamp rolls. Under my Administration, 7 million Americans have come off of food stamps, and 10 million people have been lifted off of welfare.

In 8 years under the last administration, over 300,000 working-age people dropped out of the workforce. In just 3 years of my Administration, 3.5 million working-age people have joined the workforce.

Since my election, the net worth of the bottom half of wage-earners has increased by 47 percent — 3 times faster than the increase for the top 1 percent. After decades of flat and falling incomes, wages are rising fast — and, wonderfully, they are rising fastest for low-income workers, who have seen a 16 percent pay-increase since my election. This is a blue collar boom.

Real median household income is now at the highest level ever recorded!

Since my election, United States stock markets have soared 70 percent, adding more than $12 trillion to our Nation’s wealth, transcending anything anyone believed was possible. This is a record. It is something every country in the world is looking up to. Consumer confidence has reached amazing new heights.

All of those millions of people with 401(k)s and pensions are doing far better than they have ever done before with increases of 60 percent, 80 percent, 100 percent and even more.


LIGHT, ELEGANT & POWERFUL - SURFACE LAPTOP 3 FOR BUSINESS
Surface Laptop 3 is the perfect everyday laptop that helps you get it al...

AdMicrosoftView Site
Jobs and investment are pouring into 9,000 previously-neglected neighborhoods thanks to Opportunity Zones, a plan spearheaded by Senator Tim Scott as part of our great Republican tax cuts. In other words, wealthy people and companies are pouring money into poor neighborhoods or areas that have not seen investment in many decades, creating jobs, energy, and excitement. This is the first time that these deserving communities have seen anything like this. It is all working!

Opportunity Zones are helping Americans like Army Veteran Tony Rankins from Cincinnati, Ohio. After struggling with drug addiction, Tony lost his job, his house, and his family — he was homeless. But then Tony found a construction company that invests in Opportunity Zones. He is now a top tradesman, drug-free, reunited with his family, and he is here tonight. Keep up the great work, Tony.

Our roaring economy has, for the first time ever, given many former prisoners the ability to get a great job and a fresh start. This second chance at life is made possible because we passed landmark Criminal Justice Reform into law. Everybody said that Criminal Justice Reform could not be done, but I got it done, and the people in this room got it done.

Thanks to our bold regulatory reduction campaign, the United States has become the number one producer of oil and natural gas in the world, by far. With the tremendous progress we have made over the past 3 years, America is now energy independent, and energy jobs, like so many elements of our country, are at a record high. We are doing numbers that no one would have thought possible just 3 years ago.

Likewise, we are restoring our Nation’s manufacturing might, even though predictions were, as you all know, that this could never be done. After losing 60,000 factories under the previous two administrations, America has now gained 12,000 new factories under my Administration with thousands upon thousands of plants and factories being planned or built. We have created over half a million new manufacturing jobs. Companies are not leaving; they are coming back to the USA. The fact is that everybody wants to be where the action is, and the United States of America is, indeed, where the action is.

One of the biggest promises I made to the American people was to replace the disastrous NAFTA trade deal. In fact, unfair trade is perhaps the single biggest reason that I decided to run for President. Following NAFTA’s adoption, our Nation lost one in four manufacturing jobs. Many politicians came and went, pledging to change or replace NAFTA — only to do absolutely nothing. But unlike so many who came before me, I keep my promises. We did our job. Six days ago, I replaced NAFTA and signed the brand new United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA) into law.

The USMCA will create nearly 100,000 new high-paying American auto jobs, and massively boost exports for our farmers, ranchers, and factory workers. It will also bring trade with Mexico and Canada to a much higher level, but also to a much greater degree of fairness and reciprocity. We will have that. Fairness and reciprocity. I say that finally, because it has been many years that we were treated fairly on trade. This is the first major trade deal in many years to earn the strong backing of America’s labor unions.

I also promised our citizens that I would impose tariffs to confront China’s massive theft of American jobs. Our strategy worked. Days ago, we signed the groundbreaking new agreement with China that will defend our workers, protect our intellectual property, bring billions of dollars into our treasury, and open vast new markets for products made and grown right here in the United States of America.

For decades, China has taken advantage of the United States, now we have changed. At the same time, we have the best relationship we have ever had with China, including with President Xi. They respect what we have done because, quite frankly, they could never believe what they were able to get away with what they were doing year after year, decade after decade, without someone in our country stepping up and saying: That’s enough. Now, we want to rebuild our country, and that is exactly what we are doing. We are rebuilding our country.


As we restore American leadership throughout the world, we are once again standing up for freedom in our hemisphere. That is why my Administration reversed the failing policies of the previous administration on Cuba. We are supporting the hopes of Cubans, Nicaraguans, and Venezuelans to restore democracy. The United States is leading a 59-nation diplomatic coalition against the socialist dictator of Venezuela, Nicolás Maduro. Maduro is an illegitimate ruler, a tyrant who abuses his people.

But tyranny will be smashed and broken. Here this evening is a man who carries with him the hopes, dreams, and aspirations of all Venezuelans. Joining us in the gallery is the true and legitimate President of Venezuela, Juan Guaidó. Thank you, Mr. President. Great honor. Thank you very much. Please take this message back that all Americans are united with the Venezuelan people in their righteous struggle for freedom! Socialism destroys nations. But always remember, freedom unifies the soul.

To safeguard American Liberty, we have invested a record-breaking $2.2 trillion in the United States Military. We have purchased the finest planes, missiles, rockets, ships, and every other form of military equipment. And it is made right here in the USA. We are also finally getting our allies to help pay their fair share. I have raised contributions from the other NATO members by more than $400 billion, and the number of allies meeting their minimum obligations has more than doubled. And just weeks ago, for the first time since President Truman established the Air Force more than 70 years earlier, we created a new branch of the United States Armed Forces. It’s called the Space Force. Very important.

In the gallery tonight, we have a young gentleman. What he wants so badly — 13 years old — he is an eighth grader from Arizona. Ian, please stand up. Ian has always dreamed of going to space. He was the first in his class and among the youngest at an aviation academy. He aspires to go to the Air Force Academy, and then he has his eye on the Space Force. Most people look up at space. Ian says I want to look down on the world.

But sitting behind Ian tonight is his greatest hero of them all, Charles McGee, who was born in Cleveland, Ohio one century ago. Charles is one of the last surviving Tuskegee Airmen — the first black fighter pilots — and he also happens to be Iain’s great-grandfather. Incredible story. After more than 130 combat missions in World War II, he came back to a country still struggling for Civil Rights and went on to serve America in Korea and Vietnam. On December 7th, Charles celebrated his 100th birthday. A few weeks ago, I signed a bill promoting Charles McGee to Brigadier General. And earlier today, I pinned the stars on his shoulders in the Oval Office. General McGee: Our Nation salutes you. Thank you, sir.

From the pilgrims to our Founders, from the soldiers at Valley Forge to the marchers at Selma, and from President Lincoln to the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Americans have always rejected limits on our children’s future.

Members of Congress, we must never forget that the only victories that matter in Washington are victories that deliver for the American people. The people are the heart of our country, their dreams are the soul of our country, and their love is what powers and sustains our country. We must always remember that our job is to put America first!

The next step forward in building an inclusive society is making sure that every young American gets a great education and the opportunity to achieve the American Dream. Yet, for too long, countless American children have been trapped in failing government schools. To rescue these students, 18 States have created school choice in the form of Opportunity Scholarships. The programs are so popular, that tens of thousands of students remain on waiting lists. One of those students is Janiyah Davis, a fourth grader from Philadelphia. Janiyah’s mom Stephanie is a single parent. She would do anything to give her daughter a better future. But last year, that future was put further out of reach when Pennsylvania’s Governor vetoed legislation to expand school choice for 50,000 children.


Janiyah and Stephanie are in the gallery this evening. Stephanie, thank you so much for being here with your beautiful daughter. But Janiyah, I have some good news for you. I am pleased to inform you that your long wait is over. I can proudly announce tonight that an Opportunity Scholarship is going to you, and you will soon be heading to the school of your choice!

Now, I call on the Congress to give 1 million American children the same opportunity Janiyah has just received. Pass the Education Freedom Scholarships and Opportunity Act — because no parent should be forced to send their child to a failing government school.

Every young person should have a safe and secure environment in which to learn and grow. For this reason, our magnificent First Lady has launched the “Be Best” initiative — to support a safe and drug-free life for the next generation, online, in school, and in our communities. Thank you, Melania, for your extraordinary love and profound care for America’s children.

My Administration is determined to give our citizens the opportunities they need regardless of age or background. Through our Pledge to American Workers, over 400 companies will also provide new jobs and education opportunities to almost 15 million Americans.

My Budget also contains an exciting vision for our Nation’s high schools. Tonight, I ask the Congress to support our students and back my plan to offer vocational and technical education in every single high school in America.

To expand equal opportunity, I am also proud that we achieved record and permanent funding for our Nation’s Historically Black Colleges and Universities.

A good life for American families also requires the most affordable, innovative, and high-quality healthcare system on Earth. I moved quickly to provide affordable alternatives. Our new plans are up to 60 percent less expensive. I have also made an ironclad pledge to American families: We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. And we will always protect your Medicare and your Social Security. Always.

The American patient should never be blindsided by medical bills. That is why I signed an Executive Order requiring price transparency. Many experts believe that transparency, which will go into full effect at the beginning of next year, will be even bigger than healthcare reform. It will save families massive amounts of money for substantially better care.

But as we work to improve Americans’ healthcare, there are those who want to take away your healthcare, take away your doctor, and abolish private insurance entirely. 132 lawmakers in this room have endorsed legislation to impose a socialist takeover of our healthcare system, wiping out the private health insurance plans of 180 million Americans. To those watching at home tonight, I want you to know: We will never let socialism destroy American healthcare!

Over 130 legislators in this chamber have endorsed legislation that would bankrupt our Nation by providing free taxpayer-funded healthcare to millions of illegal aliens, forcing taxpayers to subsidize free care for anyone in the world who unlawfully crosses our borders. These proposals would raid the Medicare benefits of our seniors and that our seniors depend on, while acting as a powerful lure for illegal immigration. This is what is happening in California and other States — their systems are totally out of control, costing taxpayers vast and unaffordable amounts of money. If forcing American taxpayers to provide unlimited free healthcare to illegal aliens sounds fair to you, then stand with the radical left. But if you think we should defend American patients and seniors, stand with me to pass legislation to prohibit free healthcare for illegal aliens!

This will be a tremendous boon to our already strongly guarded southern border where, as we speak, a long, tall, and very powerful wall is being built. We have now completed over 100 miles and will have over 500 miles fully completed in a very short period of time. Early next year, we will have substantially more than 500 miles completed.


My Administration is also taking on the big pharmaceutical companies. We have approved a record number of affordable generic drugs, and medicines are being approved by the FDA at a faster clip than ever before. I was pleased to announce last year that, for the first time in 51 years, the cost of prescription drugs actually went down.

And working together, the Congress can reduce drug prices substantially from current levels. I have been speaking to Senator Chuck Grassley of Iowa and others in the Congress in order to get something on drug pricing done, and done quickly and properly. I am calling for bipartisan legislation that achieves the goal of dramatically lowering prescription drug prices. Get a bill to my desk, and I will sign it into law immediately.

With unyielding commitment, we are curbing the opioid epidemic — drug overdose deaths declined for the first time in nearly 30 years. Among the States hardest hit, Ohio is down 22 percent, Pennsylvania is down 18 percent, Wisconsin is down 10 percent — and we will not quit until we have beaten the opioid epidemic once and for all.

Protecting Americans’ health also means fighting infectious diseases. We are coordinating with the Chinese government and working closely together on the Coronavirus outbreak in China. My Administration will take all necessary steps to safeguard our citizens from this threat.

We have launched ambitious new initiatives to substantially improve care for Americans with kidney disease, Alzheimer’s, and those struggling with mental health challenges. And because Congress was so good as to fund my request, we are pursuing new cures for childhood cancer, and we will eradicate the AIDS epidemic in America by the end of the decade.

Almost every American family knows the pain when a loved one is diagnosed with a serious illness. Here tonight is a special man, someone beloved by millions of Americans who just received a Stage 4 advanced cancer diagnosis. This is not good news, but what is good news is that he is the greatest fighter and winner that you will ever meet. Rush Limbaugh: Thank you for your decades of tireless devotion to our country. Rush, in recognition of all that you have done for our Nation, the millions of people a day that you speak to and inspire, and all of the incredible work that you have done for charity, I am proud to announce tonight that you will be receiving our country’s highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom. I will now ask the First Lady of the United States to please stand and present you with the honor. Rush, congratulations. Thank you, Kathryn.

As we pray for all who are sick, we know that America is constantly achieving new medical breakthroughs. In 2017, doctors at St. Luke’s hospital in Kansas City delivered one of the earliest premature babies ever to survive. Born at just 21 weeks and 6 days, and weighing less than a pound, Ellie Schneider was born a fighter. Through the skill of her doctors — and the prayers of her parents — little Ellie kept on winning the battle for life. Today, Ellie is a strong, healthy 2-year-old girl sitting with her amazing mother Robin in the gallery. Ellie and Robin: We are so glad you are with us tonight.

Ellie reminds us that every child is a miracle of life. Thanks to modern medical wonders, 50 percent of very premature babies delivered at the hospital where Ellie was born now survive. Just an incredible thing. Thank you very much. Our goal should be to ensure that every baby has the best chance to thrive and grow just like Ellie. That is why I am asking the Congress to provide an additional $50 million to fund neo-natal research for America’s youngest patients. That is also why I am calling upon the Members of Congress here tonight to pass legislation finally banning the late-term abortion of babies.

Whether we are Republican, Democrat, or Independent, surely we must all agree that every human life is a sacred gift from God!


As we support America’s moms and dads, I was recently proud to sign the law providing new parents in the Federal workforce paid family leave, serving as a model for the rest of the country. Now, I call on the Congress to pass the bipartisan Advancing Support for Working Families Act, extending family leave to mothers and fathers all across the Nation.

Forty million American families have an average $2,200 extra thanks to our child tax credit. I have also overseen historic funding increases for high-quality child care, enabling 17 States to serve more children, many of which have reduced or eliminated their waitlists altogether. And I sent the Congress a plan to expand access to high-quality childcare and urge you to act immediately.

To protect the environment, days ago, I announced that the United States will join the One Trillion Trees Initiative, an ambitious effort to bring together Government and the private sector to plant new trees in America and around the world.

We must also rebuild America’s infrastructure. I ask you to pass Senator Barrasso’s highway bill — to invest in new roads, bridges, and tunnels across our land.

I am also committed to ensuring that every citizen can have access to high-speed internet, including rural America.

A better tomorrow for all Americans also requires us to keep America safe. That means supporting the men and women of law enforcement at every level, including our Nation’s heroic ICE officers.

Last year, our brave ICE officers arrested more than 120,000 criminal aliens charged with nearly 10,000 burglaries, 5,000 sexual assaults, 45,000 violent assaults, and 2,000 murders.

Tragically, there are many cities in America where radical politicians have chosen to provide sanctuary for these criminal illegal aliens. In Sanctuary Cities, local officials order police to release dangerous criminal aliens to prey upon the public, instead of handing them over to ICE to be safely removed.

Just 29 days ago, a criminal alien freed by the Sanctuary City of New York was charged with the brutal rape and murder of a 92-year-old woman. The killer had been previously arrested for assault, but under New York’s sanctuary policies, he was set free. If the city had honored ICE’s detainer request, his victim would be alive today.

The State of California passed an outrageous law declaring their whole State to be a sanctuary for criminal illegal immigrants — with catastrophic results.

The state of California passed an outrageous law declaring their whole state to be a sanctuary for criminal illegal immigrants, a terrible sanctuary, with catastrophic results. In December 2018, California police detained an illegal alien with five prior arrests, including convictions for robbery and assault. But as required by California’s Sanctuary Law, local authorities released him.

Days later, the criminal alien went on a gruesome spree of deadly violence. He viciously shot one man going about his daily work; he approached a woman sitting in her car and shot her in the arm and the chest. He walked into a convenience store and wildly fired his weapon. He hijacked a truck and smashed into vehicles, critically injuring innocent victims.

One of the victims is in a terrible, terrible situation. He left behind a devoted family, including his brothers who lived in more than anything else in the world. One of his grieving brothers is here with us tonight. Please stand, Jodi? We will not we are allowing Americans — we will not rest until you have justice. Thom is introducing legislation that will allow people like Jodi to sue them. The United States of America should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not criminal aliens.


In the last 3 years, ICE has arrested over 5,000 wicked human traffickers — and I have signed 9 pieces of legislation to stamp out the menace of human trafficking, domestically and around the globe.

My Administration has undertaken an unprecedented effort to secure the southern border of the United States.

Before I came into office, if you showed up illegally on our southern border and were arrested, you were simply released and allowed into our country, never to be seen again. My Administration has ended Catch-and-Release. If you come illegally, you will now be promptly removed. We entered into historic cooperation agreements with the Governments of Mexico, Honduras, El Salvador, and Guatemala. As a result of our unprecedented efforts, illegal crossings are down 75 percent since May — dropping 8 straight months in a row. And as the wall goes up, drug seizures rise, and border crossings go down.

Last year, I traveled to the border in Texas and met Chief Patrol Agent Raul Ortiz. Over the last 24 months, Agent Ortiz and his team have seized more than 200,000 pounds of poisonous narcotics, arrested more than 3,000 human smugglers, and rescued more than 2,000 migrants. Days ago, Agent Ortiz was promoted to Deputy Chief of Border Patrol — and he joins us tonight. Chief Ortiz: Please stand — a grateful Nation thanks you and all the heroes of Border Patrol.

To build on these historic gains, we are working on legislation to replace our outdated and randomized immigration system with one based on merit, welcoming those who follow the rules, contribute to our economy, support themselves financially, and uphold our values.

With every action, my Administration is restoring the rule of law and re-asserting the culture of American freedom. Working with Senate Majority Leader McConnell and his colleagues in the Senate, we have confirmed a record number of 187 new Federal judges to uphold our Constitution as written. This includes Neil Gorsuch, and Brett Kavanaugh. Thank you. We have many in the pipeline.

My Administration is also defending religious liberty, and that includes the Constitutional right to pray in public schools. In America, we do not punish prayer. We do not tear down crosses. We do not ban symbols of faith. We do not muzzle preachers and pastors. In America, we celebrate faith. We cherish religion. We lift our voices in prayer, and we raise our sights to the Glory of God!

Just as we believe in the First Amendment, we also believe in another Constitutional right that is under siege all across our country. So long as I am President I will always protect your Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms.

In reaffirming our heritage as a free Nation, we must remember that America has always been a frontier nation. Now we must embrace the next frontier, America’s manifest destiny in the stars. I am asking the Congress to fully fund the Artemis program to ensure that the next man and the first woman on the moon will be American astronauts — using this as a launching pad to ensure that America is the first nation to plant its flag on Mars.

My Administration is also strongly defending our national security and combating radical Islamic terrorism. Last week, I announced a groundbreaking plan for peace between Israel and the Palestinians. Recognizing that all past attempts have failed, we must be determined and creative in order to stabilize the region and give millions of young people the change to realize a better future.

Three years ago, the barbarians of ISIS held over 20,000 square miles of territory in Iraq and Syria. Today, the ISIS territorial caliphate has been 100 percent destroyed, and the founder and leader of ISIS — the bloodthirsty killer Al‑Baghdadi — is dead!


We are joined this evening by Carl and Marsha Mueller. After graduating from college, their beautiful daughter Kayla became a humanitarian aid worker. She once wrote, “Some people find God in church. Some people find God in nature. Some people find God in love; I find God in suffering. I’ve known for some time what my life’s work is, using my hands as tools to relieve suffering.” In 2013, while caring for suffering civilians in Syria, Kayla was kept as a prisoner of Al-Baghdadi himself. After more than 500 horrifying days of captivity, Al-Baghdad murdered young, beautiful Kayla. She was just 26 years old.

On the night that United States Special Forces Operators ended his miserable life, we received a call in the situation room. We were told that the brave men of the elite Special Forces team, that so perfectly carried out the operation, had given their mission a name — “Task Force 8-14.” It was special because that was Kayla’s birthday. They never forgot Kayla and neither will we.

Every day, America’s men and women in uniform demonstrate the infinite depths of love that dwells in the human heart.

One of these American heroes was Army Staff Sergeant Christopher Hake. On his second deployment to Iraq in 2008, Sergeant Hake wrote a letter to his 1-year-old son, Gage: ”I will be with you again,” he wrote to Gage. ”I will teach you to ride your first bike, build your first sandbox, watch you play sports and see you have kids also. I love you son, take care of your mother. I am always with you. Dad.” On Easter Sunday of 2008, Chris was out on patrol in Baghdad when his Bradley Fighting Vehicle was hit by a roadside bomb. That night, he made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. Sergeant Hake now rests in eternal glory in Arlington, and his wife Kelli is in the gallery tonight, joined by their son, who is now 13 years old. To Kelli and Gage: Chris will live in our hearts forever. He is looking down on you now. Thank you.

The terrorist responsible for killing Sergeant Hake was Qasem Soleimani, who provided the deadly roadside bomb that took Chris’s life. Soleimani was the Iranian Regime’s most ruthless butcher. He murdered thousands of American servicemembers in Iraq. As the world’s top terrorist, Soleimani orchestrated the deaths of countless men, women, and children. He directed the December assault on United States Forces in Iraq, and was actively planning new attacks. That is why, last month, at my direction, the United States Military executed a flawless precision strike that killed Soleimani and terminated his evil reign of terror forever.

Our message is you will never escape American justice. If you attack our citizens, you forfeit your life!

In recent months, we have seen proud Iranians raise their voices against their oppressive rulers. The Iranian regime must abandon its pursuit of nuclear weapons, stop spreading terror, death, and destruction, and start working for the good of its own people. Because of our powerful sanctions, the Iranian economy is doing very poorly. We can help them make a very good and short recovery. It can all go quickly — let’s see which road they choose. It is totally up to them.

As we defend American lives, we are working to end America’s wars in the Middle East.

We have made tremendous progress, and peace talks are underway. I am not looking to kill hundreds of thousands of people in Afghanistan, many of them totally innocent. It is also not our function to serve other nations as a law enforcement agency. These are warfighters, the best in the world, and they either want to fight to win or not fight at all. We are working to finally end America’s longest war and bring our troops back home!

War places a heavy burden on our Nation’s extraordinary military families, especially spouses like Amy Williams from Fort Bragg, North Carolina, and her 2 children — 6-year-old Elliana and 3-year-old Rowan. For the past seven months, her husband has been in Afghanistan for seven months on his fourth deployment. Amy’s kids have not seen their father’s face in many months. Amy, your family’s sacrifice makes it possible for all of our families to live in safety and peace — and we want to thank you. Thank you, Amy.

There is one more thing. Tonight, we have a very special surprise. I am thrilled to inform you that your husband is back from deployment. He is here with us tonight. Welcome home sergeant Williams. Thank you very much.

As the world bears witness tonight, America is a land of heroes. This is the place where greatness is born, where destinies are forged, and where legends come to life. This is the home of Thomas Edison and Teddy Roosevelt, of many great Generals, including Washington, Pershing, Patton, and MacArthur. This is the home of Abraham Lincoln, Frederick Douglass, Amelia Earhart, Harriet Tubman, the Wright Brothers, Neil Armstrong, and so many more. This is the country where children learn names like Wyatt Earp, Davy Crockett, and Annie Oakley. This is the place where the pilgrims landed at Plymouth and where Texas patriots made their last stand at the Alamo.

The American Nation was carved out of the vast frontier by the toughest, strongest, fiercest, and most determined men and women ever to walk the face of the Earth. Our ancestors braved the unknown; tamed the wilderness; settled the Wild West; lifted millions from poverty, disease, and hunger; vanquished tyranny and fascism; ushered the world to new heights of science and medicine; laid down the railroads, dug out canals, raised up the skyscrapers — and, ladies and gentlemen, our ancestors built the most exceptional Republic ever to exist in all of human history. And we are making it greater than ever before!

Nobody in 50 years has been WEAKER on China than Sleepy Joe Biden. He was asleep at the wheel. He gave them EVERYTHING they wanted, including rip-off Trade Deals. Trump is getting it all back!

Sleepy Joe Biden (mostly his reps.) went crazy when Trump banned, in late January, people coming in from China. He called me “xenophobic” & then went equally “nuts” when we let in 44,000 people - until he was told they were American citizens coming home. He later apologized!
