Nobody in 50 years has been WEAKER on China than Sleepy Joe Biden. He was asleep at the wheel. He gave them EVERYTHING they wanted, including rip-off Trade Deals. Trump is getting it all back!

Sleepy Joe Biden (mostly his reps.) went crazy when Trump banned, in late January, people coming in from China. He called me “xenophobic” & then went equally “nuts” when we let in 44,000 people - until he was told they were American citizens coming home. He later apologized!

OBAMAGATE makes Watergate look small time!

Because it was OBAMAGATE, and he and Sleepy Joe led the charge. The most corrupt administration in U.S. history!

he number of Coronavirus cases is strongly trending downward throughout the United States, with few exceptions. Very good news, indeed!

Mexico is sadly experiencing very big CoronaVirus problems, and now California, get this, doesn’t want people coming over the Southern Border. A Classic! They are sooo lucky that Trump is their President. Border is very tight and the Wall is rapidly being built!

Great credit being given for our Coronavirus response, except in the Fake News. They are a disgrace to America! 


True, except to the Fake News Media and a former president who didn’t have a clue! 


The Impeachment Hoax will be exposed. Crazy Nancy gets Nothing Done that’s why she got thrown out as Speaker the first time. Also she should come back to Washington now!

The Russia Hoax is the biggest political scandal in American history. Treason!!! Lets see how it ends????

There is tremendous CoronaVirus testing capacity in Washington for the Senators returning to Capital Hill on Monday. Likewise the House, which should return but isn’t because of Crazy Nancy P. The 5 minute Abbott Test will be used. 

Sleepy Joe’s representatives have just put out an ad saying that Trump went to play golf (exercise) today. They think Trump should stay in the White House at all times. What they didn’t say is that it’s the first time I’ve played golf in almost 3 months.

nother misinformation campaign is being launched by Democrats in Congress saying that Russia prefers me to any of the Do Nothing Democrat candidates who still have been unable to, after two weeks, count their votes in Iowa. Hoax number 7!


Because of how badly they did with the Impeachment Hoax, AOC will primary Cryin’ Chuck Schumer, and win, and Jerry Nadler has a good chance of losing to his far left primary opponent! It is all getting quite interesting. Pelosi will lose the House, AGAIN! My poll numbers great. 

95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a Record! 53% overall (plus add 9 points?). Corrupt Democrat politicians have brought me to highest polling numbers ever with the Impeachment Hoax. Thank you Nancy! 

Collusion was a Hoax from day one.

Great reviews on our handling of Covid 19, sometimes referred to as the China Virus. Ventilators, Testing, Medical Supply Distribution, we made a lot of Governors look very good - And got no credit for so doing. Most importantly, we helped a lot of great people!

The United States cannot have all Mail In Ballots. It will be the greatest Rigged Election in history. People grab them from mailboxes, print thousands of forgeries and “force” people to sign. Also, forge names. Some absentee OK, when necessary. Trying to use Covid for this Scam!

Michael Moore Torches Biden: He Lacks ‘Necessary Enthusiasm‘ to Beat Trump. Well, he was right in 2016, and we do have great enthusiasm. Many say, done a fantastic job! DJT.

Trump HOPE ALL AFRICAN AMERICANS WILL READ AND STUDY THIS. 100% CORRECT. SLEEPY JOE WILL NEVER GET YOU THERE. HE NEVER HAS IN THE PAST. Trump WILL & HAVE!!!

Do nothing A.G. of the Great State of Michigan, Dana Nessel, should not be taking her anger and stupidity out on Ford Motor - they might get upset with you and leave the state, like so many other companies have - until Trump came along and brought business back to Michigan. JOBS!

The Do Nothing Democrats and their leader, the Fake News Lamestream Media, are doing everything possible to hurt and disparage our Country. No matter what we do or say, no matter how big a win, they report that it was a loss, or not good enough. The Enemy of the People!

The Do Nothing Democrats were busy wasting time on the Immigration Hoax, & anything else they could do to make the Republican Party look bad, while I was busy calling early BORDER & FLIGHT closings, putting us way ahead in our battle with Coronavirus. Dems called it VERY wrong! 

Are any Democrat operatives, the DNC, or Crooked Hillary Clinton, blaming Russia, Russia, Russia for the Bernie Sanders win in Nevada. If so I suggest calling Bob Mueller & the 13 Angry Democrats to do a new Mueller Report, Democrat Edition. Bob will get to the bottom of it! 

Republicans had a deal until Nancy Pelosi rode into town from her extended vacation. The Democrats want the Virus to win? They are asking for things that have nothing to do with our great workers or companies. They want Open Borders & Green New Deal. Republicans shouldn’t agree! 
